Visibility into LagBased AutoScaler desired task count (#16199)
apache/druid: docs/operations/metrics.md

|`ingest/notices/time`|Milliseconds taken to process a notice by the supervisor.|`dataSource`, `tags`| < 1s |
|`ingest/pause/time`|Milliseconds spent by a task in a paused state without ingesting.|`dataSource`, `taskId`, `tags`| < 10 seconds|
|`ingest/handoff/time`|Total number of milliseconds taken to handoff a set of segments.|`dataSource`, `taskId`, `taskType`, `groupId`, `tags`|Depends on the coordinator cycle time.|

> |`ingest/scale/up/skip`|Count of times LagBasedAutoScaler wanted to scale up but skipped due to `minTriggerScaleActionFrequencyMillis`|`dataSource`, `stream`, `tags`|Depends on auto scaler config.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`ingest/skipScaleUp/count`|Total number of times `lagBased` auto scaler attempted to scale up but was skipped due to `minTriggerScaleActionFrequencyMillis`.|`dataSource`, `stream`, `tags`|Depends on auto scaler config.|
```

Or `scaleUpSkipped`?

> |`ingest/skipScaleUp/count`|Total number of times `lagBased` auto scaler attempted to scale up but was skipped due to `minTriggerScaleActionFrequencyMillis`.|`dataSource`, `stream`, `tags`|Depends on auto scaler config.|

Reviewer 2: How about we just emit the task count as computed by the auto scaler?
Something like `task/autoScaler/requiredTasks/count`.
If this value is found to be different from the current task count, we can include an optional dimension `scaleSkipReason`.

I feel this metric would be more beneficial than just tracking when scaling actions were skipped. It would help us:
- See how the scaler behaves and computes required task count at different stages
- Know the exact gap between current and desired counts
- Know the reason scaling was skipped, if so

What do you think @adithyachakilam , @abhishekrb19 ?

PS: If required, the current task count may also be emitted as a separate metric but I think `task/running/count` itself should suffice.

Reviewer: I like this idea 👍

Author: Makes sense, restructured the PR.

> |`ingest/scale/up/skip`|Count of times LagBasedAutoScaler wanted to scale down but skipped due to `minTriggerScaleActionFrequencyMillis`|`dataSource`, `stream`, `tags`|Depends on auto scaler config.|

Reviewer: This should be scale down:
```suggestion
|`ingest/skipScaleDown/count`|Total number of times `lagBased` auto scaler attempted to scale down but skipped due to `minTriggerScaleActionFrequencyMillis`.|`dataSource`, `stream`, `tags`|Depends on auto scaler config.|
```
